Welcome to CFR.
This is the method of the current world record holders use.
So Seaforth stands for Cross after all.
And PLL, these are the four key steps to solving the cube.
The cross simply across on the bottom, just like what we had in beginners method.
EFT will is first two layers, and it's just the first layer and the second layer, but done in the
same step.
And this is all mostly intuitive, which makes it one of the hardest things to learn with the Rubik's
Cube.
All our stands for orienting last layer, which is just solving the yellow side, so orienting all the
yellow pieces to face upwards and PLO is positioning last layer, which is just solving everything else.
So we take the yellow pieces and just move them around and that solves the cube.